Thank you so much for that talk. That was wonderful. Thank you.
Sergey!
Lixie!
Natalia!
Yes, it's fast!
I haven't seen you both since...
I know! It's been 17 years!
We pray for you, Lix, every night, Sergey.
Thank you so much.
When they announce your name as our substitute circuit, we see I couldn't believe it!
Oh, I still can't believe it.
I wanted to meet my wife, this is Anya.
Nice to meet you.
Your husband studied with us.
It's wonderful to meet up again after all these years.
Would you both come to my home for dinner tonight?
It would be so much to us.
Sounds wonderful.
We would be happy to come.
Thank you.
That was excellent.
Like your talks, Sergey.
Yes, it's rare for someone so young to teach us you do.
No, I don't.
Feather was right.
You are wise beyond your years.
Do you think your time in prison prepared you?
I definitely had a lot of time to meditate, so...
I guess it might have matured me a little.
You were there nearly twice as long as most of us.
We can only imagine how difficult those years were for you.
Is it true you never saw your father again?
It's true.
You must be very strong to withstand that kind of pressure.
I suppose so.
I wish you could be our real circuit overseer.
We heard good things about brother Elin.
Many good things. We hope to meet him soon.
He is okay.
But he is not the man of the people.
You have suffered. Like us.
You understand us?
We need someone like you.
Brothers, I appreciate the praise, but I really don't deserve it.
Yes, you do.
No.
The praise should go to Jehovah.
It is only because of his power that any of us can serve him the way we do.
It's true. It's only because of Jehovah's spirit.
He deserves the praise.
And remember,
Jehovah is the one who chooses those who serve in the congregations.
Each of us has strength that others don't have,
but Jehovah sees them all.
And he knows how to use them to advance his will.
So we must trust Jehovah and be determined to appreciate the ones he has chosen to use.